README.md, before:

Muni
====
A town management plugin for Bukkit Minecraft servers

http://dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/muni

Development Roadmap
===================
First Alpha ( Pre-Alpha 0.2 Released 4 Feb 2013 )
===========
1) Command executors responds with messages (Done a few days ago - 27 Jan) 

2) Town class stores and changes the town data and can read/write into a sql flat file ( Class created, needs to read / write to database - 27 Jan ) 
( Working pretty well with SQLite - 4 Feb ) 

3) Proof of working with economy (items taken directly from player's inventory) ( Working and somewhat tested - 27 Jan )
( Tested more extensively - 4 Feb ) 

4) Reads and writes global variables to config.yml (Done but needs testing - 27 Jan)
( Satisfied with operation - 4 Feb ) 

5) Command Executors work for everything but world guard region functionality
( This is the current stage of development - 4 Feb ) 

6) Town Bank ( Should be working, testing to come with command implementation - 4 Feb )

7) Taxes working in a basic fashion


Second Alpha
============

Add World Guard Region functionality

1) Define a 20x20 (configurable) region centered at command location

2) Flag the region for no-PVP and no MobSpawn

3) Define 5x5 sub-regions with Restaurant and Hospital flags

4) Create border push mechanism

5) Cost mechanism applied to all these changes


First Beta
==========
1) Voting system

2) Democracy vs. Dictatorship 

3) Taxes

4) Rank Up system

Possibilities
=============
1) Dynmap Marker integration

2) Giant Shop Location set as a special region

3) Mail system and Addresses

Commit message:

Testing Results per subcmd and some bug fixes
Preparing for Pre-Alpha 0.04, updated Readme and updated the version
number in plugin.yml.  May document the shortcommings and release this
pre-alpha, or may wait until bug fixing is finished and release the
first full Alpha.

Did many bug fixes.  Also, recorded failed commands and added error
notes in comments at the relevant code.
Added SQLDebug methods() in Muni class, added to /townadmin reload.
Made autosaving constructor for Town class.
Deleted testing functions from /townadmin
Reworked the help output to show parameters.  Some subcommands had usage
out added for failed cases.
All the /town subcommands seem to be working!  There is a new
subcommand, viewInvite.
Changed econwrapper.giveMoney to log a transaction (needed for
tb_withdraws() )

Known Broken:
Town.makeDeputy(), rankup()
/deputy/mayor kick,deputize,resign, rankup
/townadmin addCitizen,removeTown

README.md, after:

Muni
====
Provides town management for Bukkit Minecraft servers

http://dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/muni

Development Roadmap
===================
First Alpha ( Pre-Alpha 0.02 Released 4 Feb 2013 )( Pre-Alpha 0.04 Released 19 Feb 2013 ) 
===========
1) Command executors responds with messages (Done a few days ago - 27 Jan) 

2) Town class stores and changes the town data and can read/write into a sql flat file ( Class created, needs to read / write to database - 27 Jan ) 
( Working pretty well with SQLite - 4 Feb ) (SQLite working solid except for occasional on disable saves where DB locks.  MySQL not yet tested but believe may work - 18 Feb ) 

3) Proof of working with economy (items taken directly from player's inventory) ( Working and somewhat tested - 27 Jan )
( Tested more extensively - 4 Feb ) (Future: expand the DB for rankup item bank account and add to town class - 18 Feb )

4) Reads and writes global variables to config.yml (Done but needs testing - 27 Jan)
( Satisfied with operation - 4 Feb ) 

5) Command Executors work for everything but world guard region functionality
( This is the current stage of development - 4 Feb ) 
(Commands are using Maps for quick access to town data, currently debugging.  Comments added to each command and made help output more verbose. 18 Feb ) 

6) Town Bank ( Should be working, testing to come with command implementation - 4 Feb ) 
(Seems to be working with recent changes - 18 Feb )

7) Taxes working in a basic fashion (Working well - 18 Feb ) 

8) Transactions reporting (Working very well 18 Feb) 
*_needs to have in game lookup commands added_*


Second Alpha
============

Add World Guard Region functionality

1) Define a 20x20 (configurable) region centered at command location

2) Flag the region for no-PVP and (maybe) no MobSpawn

3) Define 5x5 sub-regions with Restaurant and Hospital flags

4) Create border push mechanism

5) Cost mechanism applied to all these changes


First Beta
==========
1) Voting system

2) Democracy vs. Dictatorship 

3) Taxes

4) Rank Up system

5) Full permissions implementation (and testing)

Possibilities
=============
1) Dynmap Marker integration

2) Giant Shop Location set as a special region

3) Mail system and Addresses
